what's your highest bounty
there is one job
let's see the puck deposit
underworld all i know
is no chain cult grief cargo said you
were coming
he said you were the best in the parsec
i have a comptoner of best car waiting
for you
upon delivery of the asset a life that
bounty hunting is a complicated
profession
this being the case proof
of termination is also acceptable for a
lower fee
best car it belongs back into the hands
of a mandalorian
i will help you you have a land speeder
or speeder bike that i could hire you
are a mandalorian
[Music]
your ancestors rode the great mythosaur
surely you can ride this young phone
oh no bounty droid ig
this is acceptable
[Music]
we'll bring it in alive the commission
was quite specific
the asset was to be terminated
[Music]
my ship has been destroyed i'm trapped
here
stripped not destroyed
jawa's steel
there's no way to recover the parts
you can train with jawas are you out of
your mind
i will take you to them i have spoken
[Music]
um
wow
[Music]
uh
is it still sleeping
yes there's no way we're gonna get this
to work without a full maintenance
facility
this is going to take days to fix if you
care to help
it might go faster
[Music]
i received your transmission wonderful
news
upon your return deliver the quarry
directly to the client
i have no idea if he wants to eat it or
hang it on his wall but he's very antsy
yes yes yes
such a large bounty for such a small
package what are your plans for it
how uncharacteristic of one of your
reputation
that best car is enough to make a
handsome replacement for your armor
these were cast in an imperial smelter
these are the spoils of the great purge
the reason that we live hidden like sand
rats
our world was shattered by the empire
with whom this tower shares
tables when one chooses to walk the way
of the mandalore
you are both hunter and prey
how can one be a coward if one chooses
this way of life
have you ever removed your helmet no
this is the way this is the way
this is the way
[Music]
what did you do to it what did you do to
it i protected
[Music]
him
welcome back mando
now put the package down
[Music]
sorghum looks like there's no star port
no industrial centers no population
density
real backwater skugal which means it's
perfect for us
ready to lay low and stretch your legs
for a couple of months you little whomp
rats
it's almost my action mopping up after
endor
mostly ex-imperial warlords then when
the amps were gone the politics started
they were peacekeepers protecting
delegates
suppressing riots not what i signed up
for i'm leaving him here
traveling with me that's no life for a
kid
i did my job he's safe better chance at
a life
he's gonna break his little heart
he'll get over it we all do
who's here tracking the kid
they know he's here
then they'll keep coming
[Music]
yes
commando
is that you under that bucket
hey mayfield yeah here's mando
all right the good-looking fellow there
with the horns that's berg
hello mando shion
so what's the job yeah one of our
associates
ran a foul of some competitors got
himself caught
quinn
funny the man who left me behind is now
my savior
[Music]
no you killed me
you don't get your money i did the job
yeah you did
[Music]
kill him
bastard
my friend if you are receiving this
transmission that means you are alive
you might be surprised to hear this but
i am alive too
i guess we can call it even a lot has
happened since we last saw each other
the man who hired you is still here and
his ranks of
ex-imperial guards have grown we
consider him an enemy but we cannot get
close enough to take
him out why so much as book passage on a
ship registered to the republic i'm
i have a ship i can bring you there in
bed i'm not in the mood to play soldier
anymore
especially fighting some local warlord
he's imperial
i'm in so here is my proposition
return to navarro bring the child as
bait
i will arrange an exchange and provide
loyal guild members as protection
once we get near the client you kill him
and we both get what we want if you
succeed
you keep the child and i will have your
name cleared with the guild
that thing is programmed to kill the
baby not anymore
is it still a hunter no but it will
protect plan was to kill you and take
the kid
come on you can gun me down here and now
and it wouldn't violate the code but if
you do this
child will never be safe she'll send
hunters after the child
it's a trap bring me bring you
tell him you captured me get me close to
him and i'll kill him queel
ride back to the razor crest with the
child and seal yourself in
yes gideon have they brought the child
yes i have
[Music]
you have something i want
you may think you have some idea what
you are in possession of
in a few moments it will be
mine means more to me
than you will ever know
come in quill
i'm sorry nurse but you're gonna have to
get out of here
[Applause]
that was unpleasant i'm sorry you had to
see that the decommissioned
mandalorian hunter dhinjaren
has heard the songs of the siege of
mandalore
i know who he is
it's moth gigan no moth gideon was
executed for war crimes
it's him i was not born on mandalore
you're a mandalorian it's a creed
the only record of my family name was in
the registers of mandalore
moth gideon was an isb officer during
the purge
[Music]
no
oh
i am not a living thing
[Music]
you are a clan of two and this
will make you completely
manufacturer's protocol dictates i
cannot be captured
[Music]
i must be destroyed
[Applause]
ah
and when you're ready to return you will
have the pick of all quarries
i'm afraid i have more pressing matters
at hand
[Music]
you